[network] Make icmp ping and arp ping optional by presence thing (#18083)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.network/README.md

- **timeout:** How long the ping will wait for an answer, in milliseconds. Default: `5000` (5 seconds).
- **refreshInterval:** How often the device will be checked, in milliseconds. Default: `60000` (one minute).
- **useIOSWakeUp:** When set to true, an additional port knock is performed before a ping. Default: `true`.
- **useArpPing:** When set to true if the presence detection is allowed to use arp ping.
  This can speed up presence detection, but may lead to inaccurate ping latency measurements.
  Switch off if you want to use this for ping latency monitoring. Default: `true`.

> - **usePing:** When set to true if the presence detection is allowed to use ping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **useIcmpPing:** When set to true if the presence detection is allowed to use icmp ping.
```
